Refactor and reorganize the 3.0 docs in the Deploy section (#14313)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/deploy/index.mdx

---
title: Deployment overview

> description: Learn what deployments are and how to use them in Prefect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to use deployments to trigger flow runs remotely.
```

> tags:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: tags and search->boost are left over metadata from mkdocs that we should remove.

>   boost: 2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

---

> ## What is a deployment?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deployments
```

Reviewer 2: Stellar was in favor of not leading with a question. Probably good to stick with that for consistency. We should add in our style guide.

All methods for creating Prefect deployments are interfaces for populating this schema. 
The following sections explain each component in more detail.

### Required defining data

> Deployments universally require a `name` and a reference to an underlying `Flow`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deployments require a `name` and a reference to an underlying `Flow`.
```

Pausing a schedule, updating your deployment, and other actions reset your auto-scheduled runs.
</Tip>

### Metadata for bookkeeping

> Here is important information on the versions, descriptions, and tags fields:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Important information for the versions, descriptions, and tags fields:
```

- Creating deployments requires a minimal set of decisions.
- Iteration speed is fast.

### Dynamic infrastructure

> Consider running flows on dynamically provisioned infrastructure with work pools under these circumstances:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider running flows on dynamically provisioned infrastructure with work pools when you have any of the following:
```

> - Flows that have expensive infrastructure due to the long-running process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Flows that requier expensive infrastructure due to the long-running process.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Flows that require expensive infrastructure due to the long-running process.
```

- Flows with heterogeneous infrastructure needs across runs.
- Large volumes of deployments.

> - If your internal team structure requires that deployment authors be members of a different team 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An internal organizational structure in which deployment authors or runners are not members of
```

> than the team managing infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the team that manages the infrastructure.
```
